chore: v1.0.0-beta.105 (#776)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/changelog.md

# Redocly CLI changelog

## 1.0.0-beta.105 (2022-07-27)

### Fixes

> - Fixed bug when provided invalid path to the configuration file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed bug with an invalid path to the configuration file causing issues with the ignore file.
```
